Question 1: What do you see in the browser? When you open another tab and perform a click/drag action, what happens?
The browser shows a bunny that can drag with. The two different tabs show the same position of the bunny after we drag it.



Question 2: What are some of the differences between TypeScript and JavaScript?

Typescipt is an compiled objected-oriented language, while JavaScript is simply interpreted scripting language.
Typescript also adding a concept of 'module', could encapsulate the declaration, function, data, e.t.c in it., while JS does not.
Typescript requires variable to have its type, while JS does not.
Typescript have the "class" concept, while JS does not.



Question 3: Why is a web application bundler (Parcel, Webpack, Rollup, etc.) useful for modern web projects? What are some features that ParcelJS provides?

Because it helps web developers manage a group of tools that solve related problems, like Transpiling higher-level languages into HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Serving files on an ad-hoc HTTP server with live-reloading, Preparing the application for production: minify, concatenate, uglify.
(referenced from https://medium.com/fusebox/beginner-web-developers-use-a-bundler-31ab0c91d2f5)

Some features of ParcelJS: (https://parceljs.org/)
Dev server: Parcel includes a development server out of the box. 
Hot reloading: When you make a change, Parcel automatically updates your code in the browser – no page reload necessary!



Question 4: What are the different values for the readyState a WebSocket can be in? Briefly describe what each state means. (Hint: check out the Mozilla WebSocket API)

0 -- indicates that the connection has not yet been established.
1 -- indicates that the connection is established and communication is possible.
2 -- indicates that the connection is going through the closing handshake.
3 -- indicates that the connection has been closed or could not be opened.

referenced from: https://www.tutorialspoint.com/html5/html5_websocket.htm


Question 5: What's the link to your github repo?

https://github.com/GevinUA/nodejs-ws-lab